The Ads APIs Client Library for Java can be pulled in through **[Maven](#Maven)** or **[jars](#Using_the_library_without_Maven)**.

# Maven

[Information about Maven](http://maven.apache.org)

This library and autogenerated classes are in the central Maven repository. All of our artifacts use the groupId "com.google.api-ads".

The Maven groupId for for all artifacts for this library is "com.google.api-client". See specific Maven instructions for each module below.

## Modules

This library is composed of multiple modules: [ads-lib](#ads-lib), [adwords-axis](#adwords-axis), [dfa-axis](#dfa-axis), and [dfp-axis](#dfp-axis).

### ads-lib

This is the core module and should be included in every project that uses our library. It does not work on its own; it requires a product-and-toolkit specific plugin module to make requests against one of our Ads APIs.

Maven usage:

    <dependency>
      <groupId>com.google.api-ads</groupId>
      <artifactId>ads-lib</artifactId>
      <version>RELEASE</version>
    </dependency>

### adwords-axis

This plugin module adds support for making requests to the AdWords API using the Apache Axis toolkit. It also includes the necessary autogenerated classes for use with Axis.

Maven usage:

    <dependency>
      <groupId>com.google.api-ads</groupId>
      <artifactId>adwords-axis</artifactId>
      <version>RELEASE</version>
    </dependency>

### dfa-axis

This plugin module adds support for making requests to the DoubleClick for Advertisers (DFA) API using the Apache Axis toolkit. It also includes the necessary autogenerated classes for use with Axis.

Maven usage:

    <dependency>
      <groupId>com.google.api-ads</groupId>
      <artifactId>dfa-axis</artifactId>
      <version>RELEASE</version>
    </dependency>

### dfp-axis

This plugin module adds support for making requests to the DoubleClick for Publishers (DFP) API using the Apache Axis toolkit. It also includes the necessary autogenerated classes for use with Axis.

Maven usage:

    <dependency>
      <groupId>com.google.api-ads</groupId>
      <artifactId>dfp-axis</artifactId>
      <version>RELEASE</version>
    </dependency>

### Others

There also exist some helper plugins that are used internally by the library, but users should never have to include them in their projects.

## Eclipse With Maven

[Eclipse](http://www.eclipse.org) users will want to install the [Maven plugin](http://m2eclipse.sonatype.org).

Once you have the Maven plugin installed, you can begin using our library by:
  * [Download](https://github.com/googleads/google-api-ads-java/releases) and extract one of our example projects
  * In Eclipse, go to File > Import...
  * In the Import pop-up, go to Maven > Existing Maven Projects
  * Navigate to the directory you directed our example project to. There should be a file named pom.xml in this directory.
  * Click Finish

# Using the library without Maven

If you do not want to use maven, you can also [download](https://github.com/googleads/google-api-ads-java/releases) the library and its dependencies as a tarball. 

For example, dfa-axis-jars-and-examples-1.22.0 contains all the jars needed to use the DFA API library and run the supplied examples.

Once you have the release downloaded and extracted, you can begin using our library by:
  * In Eclipse, go to File > Import...
  * In the Import pop-up, go to General > Existing Projects into Workspace
  * Navigate to the directory you directed our example project to.
  * Click Finish

Make sure you also **edit the ads.properties** and possibly place it in your home directory before running any code*.

This is not the recommended way to use our library. There are several downsides to downloading the library itself, most notably that you will have to manually keep the library **and** all of its dependencies up to date. We recommend using Maven.